
1. to make code production ready, react cannot do it itself, some other libraries are required.
2. npm manages packages but it does not stand for node package manager

   
    1. manages all repos of js libraries/packages
    2. package.json is a configuration file for
    3. dev dependencies are the packages required for development
    4. normal dependencies for production
    5. \~ and ^ -→ caret^ is for minor version package upgrade in nvm and tilde is for automatic major version upgrade

       
       1. and nothing means it stays the same
    6. transitive dependencies -→ depencies of a dependies and so on
    7. there is no one package.json
    8. integretity hash
    9. no need to push node modulels to git because it can be regenerayed by package.json and package.lock.json
   10. react via cdn is not a good approach
   11. better to install react in node modules so its version is easier to manage
3. installing packages requires us to import while cdn doesnt
4. to add import in js file need to add type=’module’ in the script tag


:::warning
Browser scripts cannot have imports or exports.

:::


### parcel


 1. dev build
 2. local server
 3. HMR - hot module replacement
 4. File Watching Algorithm - written in C++
 5. caching - Faster Builds
 6. image optimization
 7. Minification
 8. Bundling
 9. compress
10. consistent hashing
11. code splitting
12. differential bundling - support older browsers
13. Diagnostic and Error display
14. HTTPs
15. Tree shaking
16. different dev and production bundles
17. need to remove main from package json while building for production


## BrowsersList


1. \


